Later I saw in some newspapers in Hong Kong,
some people said,
this person must have been in a place of death,
must have lost his freedom.
What?
I was in a place of death,
I lost my freedom?
I want to tell you now,
I haven't left the river,
since I made my speech on December 29, last year.
I was hoping that Mr. Cheung would accept my speech
for the sake of the nation and the people.
I was unwilling to leave the river,
but I had no choice.
But I waited for him for several months,
and I was hoping for the same thing.
But I could kill the people of the country,
because if they didn't listen, I wouldn't come out to save them.
So I started to run away from the city.
I wanted to run away,
but I didn't have the means to inform the Blue Cross.
So I kept my actions secret.
I was unwilling to announce my actions,
but if I had to, I kept my actions secret.
So today, I want to ask you the first question.
You said you were in a place of death.
Why can't I be in a place of death?
I want to ask you.
We know that when a citizen is in a war with the country,
where does he stand?
I want to be a gentleman,
a man of the front,
who comes to kill in the front,
a man of the rear,
who comes to prepare in the rear,
a man of the...
I'm sorry.
A man of the front,
and a man of the rear,
are in foreign countries.
Why are they in foreign countries?
The front, the rear,
the places that are in the front,
are in foreign countries.